in such a funny produce come here we're
stood at the MSI press event in Taipei
and we just stumbled upon the MSI wind
at 100 W we already started for the
first time - in Computex
actually nothing really changed in terms
of specifications that means it's still
money on the Intel Atom Silverthorne
that 5:30 comes with a 32 gigabyte SSD I
think 1 gigabyte of RAM are Windows 7
home premium what it's missing right now
is this wind charge that should be a
different front and that MSI has been
developing it still comes with a front
facing camera can't tell you anything
about the resolution of it and a rear
camera which kinda has a very specific
angle as you can see though so that
means when you're holding the tablet
like this and this angle it will still
be capable of using the webcam and to
film your surrounding let's take a quick
look around the system they're subject
for your headset we have an HDMI out of
form 1 card reader this is a connector
and as you can see it looks very
controlled of type II right over here we
have a SIM card reader so that you can
run 3G network on it and we actually
access a 3G network and we have another
USB 2.0 a connection for your PSU on the
top we have stereo speakers and over
here we have the power button you can
switch on the Wi-Fi and the Bluetooth
besides that it comes with a 10 inch
capacitive multi-touch screen let's
check this because I think this is a
very accurate as screen
start of you I talking about accurate
screen and all I can't even hit anything
here it just needs to get D calibrated
oh this is called the accelerometer
cards and it's pretty quick not too bad
okay let me show you that this is really
a multi-touch screen and definitely
needs to get D calibrated well that's
funny
okay the presentation effect let's try
another paint here okay there we go
so that's pretty decent still it is an
early prototype also we have a couple of
buttons over here on the right side for
the webcam which actually open just a
little menu here so I can switch on and
off the front-facing camera and the
weeow cam
okay now they are both on or maybe not I
don't know what's this year our volume
control and he is a mute button and an
arcade button yeah but that's about it
right it's it's pretty heavy it's pretty
thick it's running on a pretty old
platform until Adams at 5:30 and to be
honest the best thing of this tablet or
the best component is the screen I just
can't be commended right now because
this is using just got them all hardware
so I'm sorry about that MSI but I have
to be honest the social network needs to
calm that CMS I went 100w the wind at
100 W they don't even have to remember
this name I don't it's just not gonna
sell I'm sorry about that